Fix #23743: park with > 32k guests goal not in scenario list (#23887)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

------------------------------------------------------------------------
- Fix: [#4225] Ride Construction window offers non-existent banked sloped to level curve (original bug).
- Fix: [#23897] Reverse Freefall Coaster slope up to vertical track piece does not draw a vertical tunnel.

> - Fix: [#23743] Park with 50k guest goal doesn't appear in the scenario list.

Reviewer: This needs to be sorted before the previous one. I’d also like to rewrite it a bit.

```suggestion
- Fix: [#23743] Parks with guest goals over 32767 do not appear in the scenario list.
```

Author: Yeah go ahead, makes more sense
